For old times' sake
I'll let you hear Ruochu's voice one last time
Alright
Hello
Ruochu
Chen Fan
Chen Fan, where are you
Ruochu
Why do you always only remember Chen Fan
Chen Fan
Ruochu, don't listen to him
You are always like this
Always ignoring me
Ruochu
I've figured it out now
I think that you now
In my heart
Are nothing more than a minor character
Zhou Honghai
Where is Chen Fan
Chen Fan
I used to think you were too important
There was absolutely no need
Chen Fan
Chen Fan, say something
Choose. Let time be rewritten
Let her be free from her entanglement with you
Saved by another man
Without you
But safe and happy from now on
Living a peaceful and smooth life
I am willing
If Ruochu can be happy
You're awake
Don't worry
The surgery was very successful
The internal bruising and fractures have been treated
Doctor
Where is Su Ruochu
What
How is she
We don't have anyone by that name here
So she's really gone
Gone is good
Good
Long Technologies
Suspected of illegal smuggling, illegal monopoly
Shielding criminals, and other charges
The police have formally opened an investigation
The investors behind it will be investigated according to the law
That's great
Finally took down their nest
Serves them right
Bro is awake
Bro, Chen Fan
Bro
You're finally awake
You scared me to death
Chen Fan, look
Long Technologies has fallen
Bro
Thank you for saving my sister
Are you okay
Don't touch me, it hurts
Scared me to death
Doctor
Doctor, Chen Fan is awake
Chen Fan is awake
Don't rush, don't rush
I'll go find the doctor for you
Please hurry
He just woke up.
He needs to rest properly.
Stop making a fuss, everyone.
Cut it out.
Bro.
We missed you to death.
The doctor said...
...he can't move around.
Do you miss us?
Chen Fan.
Sis, you're back.
I just went to testify.
Do you know?
Lawyer Zhang has linked...
...all the evidence together.
It's an ironclad case.
Long Technologies and Zhou Honghai can't escape.
You still remember?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Things from two lifetimes...
...I remember them all.
In my past life...
...I seemed to have everything as I lay in a hospital bed.
With only the ticking of machines beside me.
I couldn't even find someone to sign for me.
I became President Chen...
...but what good was a mountain of money?
Fortunately...
...everything is different now.
Friends and my love...
...are all by my side.
Unity is strength.
Come on, bottoms up. I'm drinking it all.
Bottoms up.
I'm finishing mine.
Ruochu.
I lost you in my past life.
That was God's greatest punishment for me.
Being able to hold your hand tight in this life...
...is the greatest fulfillment of my two lives.
Ruochu.
Chen Fan.
Let's get married.
Get married!
There.
Locked in tight.
This life...
...past life, and next life.
Let's be together happily.
Don't ever run away from my side again.
Okay?
Bro.
You're really something.
In a few years, you went from a small boss...
...to a big boss in a flash.
And proposing to the campus belle.
You're simply a winner in life.
Invincible.
Totally invincible.
Yeah.
As long as you guys are here...
...and Ruochu is here...
...I'll definitely be invincible.